# OrbinTime
Unity game project

To play the game for free visit https://markkuinkinen.itch.io/orbin-time

To watch a full playthrough of the game you can watch it here; https://youtu.be/_1mI_MjGDyQ

This is a solo project that I made as a project for school, and I gotta say, it was a lot of fun to create but rather difficult as I wasn't as organised from the start as I should have been. I had a general idea of what I wanted to do, that being a top-down style game, and had purchased assets that fit that idea. It started off rather small and then become quite large and overwhelming, especially with me making a large change midway through when deciding to put everything within the game in the same scene (minus the intro/credits scene). Not having a solid plan for what I was going to do meant that I had to rewrite a lot of code that I wouldn't have had to do otherwise. In the future I'll definitely have a more thought out plan before diving into a project which will hopefully mean that I can better optimise my scripts as well as my work flow. I've learnt a lot from creating this game and it won't be the last game I create either, and with the skills I picked up making this I'm sure my next game will be even better.

One of the most challenging aspects of creating the game was appropriately separating scripts, and making sure that certain variables and functions are being called in the right places. Although the game works I'm disappointed in how cluttered a few of the main scripts ended up being, especially the "PlayerController" script which ended up doing a lot more than what it should be doing. I learnt about script inheritance a little too late in the project but utilisating that feature and allowing scripts to inherit variables from base scripts would have helped with making the code cleaner and saved me time by not havnig to rewrite a lot of variables.

Another challenge I faced was regarding assets. I'm not a pixel artist so everything I used was included in the asset pack that I bought from the Unity store, there were a few things I'd have done differently if I had access to more assets. One thing in particular is that I'd make the game revolve more around player combat, but having enemies that lack animations/sprites for attacking and dying was quite limiting. Also finding appropriate music and sound effects was difficult. I think that I'd prefer working in a team consisting of people specialising in different disciplines so that the work can be spread out and the quality of the outcome would be greater.
